Lim Soo-ho and his gang near the washroom.
Lim Soo-ho and his gang near the washroom!
We need backup!
Team A, what's going on?
Report now. Team A!
Go after them. Now!
All units, in the direction
of the washroom!
of the washroom! Move!
Now…
To Pyeongtaek Port.
-Why are you going there?
-My goodness!
Who the hell is this guy?
-You…
-We don't have time!
Damn it.
You… Goodness.
Soo-ho!
They won't kill Soo-ho
as long as he has the 300 million dollars.
But what about Man-dong?
He's going after Soo-ho.
Will he really kill him?
Don't worry.
He's a veteran agent.
I'm sure he'll be safe.
Your father lied to us again.
All of you 33 hostages are in danger.
Now you and I
must fight against him.
Put out an APB
and step up inspections at ports.
Set up checkpoints
at the major intersections too.
Get out of the car.
Why do you keep telling me to get out?
I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
You disabled the booby trap.
You even ran after all these years
you said you had bad joints!
I mean, who on earth are you really, Dad?
Just get out of the car, you brat.
Get out, and we'll talk.
No.
I won't.
Not before you tell me.
Why on earth are you going
to Pyeongtaek this late at night?
We're going to be late.
Get out.
What does it matter who I am?
Okay.
Just consider me dead from now on.
Dad…
TAEGEUK HARDWARE STORE
How did I not know he was a Northern spy?
It means he's the one who framed Ms. Oh.
But what do you think
he's been doing in the dorm?
I'm not sure.
But this is a women's dormitory,
so it must've been
the perfect place to hide.
Do you think they're going to
break in tonight?
We should be prepared.
We should set more booby traps